Laboratory Answers:
- denotes commands used to find answers
1.man -K 'keyword'
- man man
2. cp is located at /bin/cp, and wc is located at /usr/bin/wc 
- whereis cp, whereis cp
3. w - shows who is logged on and what they are doing
   [ - no manual entry for [
   X - a portable, network-transparent window system
- find /usr/bin -name '?'
4. /etc/alternatives/emacs
- file /usr/bin/emacs
5. sets user group ID on execution to users who are members of the
 file's group, set user group ID on execution,
set the execute permission granted to users that are in neither members
 of the file's group or owns the file.
- man chmod
6. find -mtime -21
- man find
7. command used to find all directories modified in
 last 3 weeks 'find / -type d -mtime -21'
- man find
8. 20
- find -type l (@ directory of find which is /bin/)
9. libgamin-1.so.0.1.10
- ls -l -t
10. the locale command get its information from
 the LC_* environment variables
- man locale
11.
sort-lines
sort-paragraphs
sort-pages
sort-fields
sort-numeric-fields
sort-columns
rmail-sort-by-date
rmail-sort-by-subject
rmail-sort-by-author
rmail-sort-by-recipient
rmail-sort-by-correspondent
rmail-sort-by-lines
rmail-sort-by-labels
- emacs -> C-h r
12.
C-M-a - runs the command beginning-of-defun,
 which moves backwards to the beginning of a defun.
C-M-b - runs the command backward-sexp,
 which moves backwards across one balanced expression.
C-M-c - runs the command exit-recursive-edit,
 which exits from the innermost recursive edit or minibuffer.
C-M-d - runs the command down-list,
 which moves forward down one level of parentheses.
C-M-e - runs the command end of defun,
 which moves forward to the next end of defun.
C-M-f - runs the command forward-sexp,
 which moves forward across one balance expression.
C-M-g - undefined
C-M-h - runs the command mark-defun
, which puts a mark at the end of this defun, and points it at the beginning
- C-h k 'command'
13. First, the command C-g can be used to safel
y stop emacs when it stopped responding or when
a command is taking too long to execute.
 The command C-g can also be usedto discard a numeric argument 
or the beginning of a command that you do not want
 to finish. Finally, if you press ESC, C-g gets rid of it.
-emacs -> C-h t
14. The yank function reinserts the last killed text
 at the current cursor position.
-emacs -> C-h t
15. Using the dired command a few directories are omitted
 due to dired passingthe --dired option which
causes ls to emit special escape sequences for file names.
 Also dired shows the amount of space used
by the directory and the space available. Dired also shows
 information for hidden files which ls -l does not.
- ls -l, emacs dired /usr/bin
